chore: updates golden sig+ contributor file fixes (#192)
newrelic/newrelic-observability-packs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Observability Pack Guidelines

We encourage all contributors to actively engage in the creation and maintenance of

> Quick starts. Whether you work at New Relic or use New Relic as a customer, the community is open to your expertise!

Reviewer: based on the last thread i read (which was a minute ago) i _think_ we're going with lowercase `quickstarts` unless it's the beginning of a sentence, does that sound right to you?

Reviewer 2: That is correct!

Author: I knew I forget this at least a dozen times before it sunk in. 🤣

> quick starts. Whether you work at New Relic or use New Relic as a customer, the community is open to your expertise!

Reviewer 2: I think @nr-kkenney mentioned this in slack, but this should be `quickstarts` not `quick starts`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
quickstarts. Whether you work at New Relic or use New Relic as a customer, the community is open to your expertise!
```
